docs: some doc changes (#99)
numaproj/numaflow: docs/VERTEX.md

# Vertex

> The `Vertex` is also a key concept of Numaflow, is is defined as a list in the [pipeline](./PIPELINE.md) spec, representing data processing tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Vertex` is a key component of Numaflow `Pipeline` where the data processing happens. `Vertex` is defined as a list in the [pipeline](./PIPELINE.md) spec, each representing a data processing task.
```

Author: done
